seo gurus are teaching you tactics that
work but in general they're still giving
you bad advice hey everyone i'm neil
patel and today i'm gonna break down why
some seo gurus have been lying to you to
your face this whole time
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel if you're on
youtube click the alert notification in
most cases seo gurus give you tactical
advice instead of strategical long-term
execution on what works best in
isolation yes each tactic can help you
but it only takes you so far if you look
at the biggest companies who dominate
seo they don't dominate it because they
purely focus on seo instead they
dominate because they built a good
product or service
google wants to show you what's best for
users right it's not about what's the
most backlink sites
just think about yourself right now
whenever you do a search on google are
you like hmm
i can see why this site should be number
one they have a million backlinks
you don't think about that let's just be
honest with ourselves
you do a search on google you click on
the listing because you think it's the
most relevant and it can help you out if
it doesn't you click the back button it
doesn't matter if they have the best
on-page seo the best backlinks of you
know amazing looking design you only
care about did it solve your palm and
ideally as quick as possible and do they
give you what you want it's not you
click on the number two result if not
you click on the number three and you
keep going down the list and if everyone
does that and eventually they figure out
that the fifth result is what solves
their problems even if it has one tenth
one twentieth one fiftieth of the
backlinks it ranks higher so the tactics
that you're learning from seo that
people are teaching online they're not
wrong they will help with your rankings
and traffic but if you want to build a
big business do well
there's a few things you need to know
one you need to focus on your product or
service is your product or service
amazing
so amazing that people want to keep
using it over and over again you know
larry page once said you know you could
potentially be on to a multi-billion
dollar business if someone has to use
your product multiple times a day and
that's true if your product's so good
your service is so good people have to
use it on a regular basis and then keep
telling people about it you're off to a
good start creating a multi-billion
dollar business number two you need to
build a brand
if you look at the term shoes did you
know a little bit more than a million
people a month are searching for the
words shoes each and every single month
in the united states
nike on the other hand some months gets
five six million searches more people
are searching for nike than shoes yes
nike creates products other than shoes
like jerseys or shorts but people really
know nike for their shoes right you ask
any kid they're like i want a pair of
nikes because i'm going to run faster i
don't know how true that is depending on
the shoe but you get the point they
built a brand and google's looking at
brand queries because the bigger the
brand
for terms you know or categories they
know that that company is less likely to
create fake news so they're more likely
to rank them higher because people have
affinity towards that brand whenever you
do a searching you see something from
nike over
nealshoes.com you're not going to click
on neil shoes although i would love if
you did although i don't really have a
shoe site
but you're going to click on nike i
would too because of their brand so
focus on creating amazing product
amazing service and build a good brand
and the way you focus on building a good
brand is by going omni channel
leveraging seo content marketing good
product good service paid ads radio ads
television ads heck my ad agency np
digital we run television ads not
because television is amazing it's a
great medium for me to reach more people
and it allows people to know more about
my brand the third thing that i want you
to do if you want to do well in the long
run
is you need to keep experimenting
just because a marketer or guru
including me tells you something doesn't
mean that advice is going to hold true
forever what works today may not work
tomorrow for example with one of my
early startups we changed our login flow
for our b2b analytics solution to log in
with google and we got a massive double
digit increasing conversions but then
you know as we force people to only use
that as a sign-in option it still worked
but over time people started getting
worried about privacy and security and
even though we didn't do anything
malicious it just wasn't us it was the
whole market consumers were like hmm
login with google only option i don't
like this we actually started getting
less conversions so then we also gave
the option of log in with google or sign
up with your name and email
and that boosted our conversions but
when we did that test earlier on years
ago it actually decreased our
conversions and the reason being was
back then people didn't have privacy
concerns but now they do even if you
don't do anything malicious with
people's data what works today may not
work tomorrow so you need to constantly
run experiments and even if you find
something that wins it may not win
tomorrow so you got to re-run tests over
time so if you follow those three things
you're going to do better in the long
run think about it you need a holistic
approach and if you need a holistic
approach with your marketing check out
my ad agency np digital
if you have any questions on your
marketing strategy leave a comment below
let me know your marketing strategy what
are you trying to do with seo or content
or paid what's working what's not and i
gladly will give you feedback for free
and tell you how to adjust things to get
better results now keep in mind once you
adjust things
right away you're not going to see
results that you may be looking for
sometimes it takes a week a month three
months if it's a cro tweak sure you'll
see results right away but for most
marketing changes it can take months
before you see results so just make sure
you're patient as well if you enjoy this
video like it share it tell the people
about it thank you for watching and make
sure you subscribe to this channel